# Ideas 5

1. It would be nice if we could create a tool that worked at an organizational level. It might need to be something separate from this, since this is intended to be a self organizer. But my thought is that an organization could set organization goals, and then we could see progress against the goals by seeing how the members of the organization are tracking against the subgoals that bubble up to the organizational goals. Maybe think about this one for now, or create a plan on how we could create some type of system that consumes data from multiple users using the tool.
2. On the tasks page, it would be nice if we could select multiple tasks and then perform an action on all of them at once (e.g. process, delete)
3. Lets add a "Summarize" page with options like "summarize my past month" (or adjustable time frame), summarize my year, etc.. It would be nice if I could use this to generate a report that I can then use going into a 1:1 with my leader. It should show tasks ive done, projects i've worked on, a rough breakdown of how my time has been allocated, any ideas that i've had, progress against goals (and overall goal status), and anything else you can think of that would be beneficial to share with my leader. The output report should be formatted in a very visually appealing manner, and can be exported as a pdf (with visualizations maybe?), markdown file (we wouldnt have the visualizations in this way but thats okay), or whatever else you think makes sense
4. The click to drag to extend the top or bottom of meetings still isnt working. when i hover over, it shows the drag icon. if i click on the edge, it does show me the expand icon, but it engages the drag/drop behavior for the task itself
